CHAPTER 0 - The Magician’s Tale; Magitale; The Strange Case of Watanabe Nezumi; Watanabe Chronicle; Watanabe Mouse; Watanabe Mischief
ENTRY 1
I have come to the conclusion.. That I have a weird attraction for unearthly things. It’s not as if I like it, and I didn’t exactly ask for it either. I didn’t happen to pray every night so I can experience weird events, and meet weird people. However, there seems to be a magnet stuck inside me. An irremovable entity that seemingly attracts and causes what I once considered impossible circumstances.
If I were to begin writing about these strange experiences I went through, It wouldn’t feel right to start anywhere but my first encounter with it.. The day I first talked to Nezumi Watanabe.
It happened during my foreign exchange at Japan, just after my first week, after school, I would come to meet her, and again, and again, and again. Three different introductions in the span of three days. It was an experience I didn’t mean to go through. During those times, I was able to make a friend.
At the very least, that's what I thought. No.. it was what I was hoping for. The events we went through should have at least warranted that much. Then again, thinking back on it, I was probably the one who started it all. In a manner I didn’t anticipate, my innocent intentions would meddle with Nezumi’s, and it would cause me to spend the next three days trying to get even with her.
Though then again, how I came to bother her was because of her own fault. If she hadn’t done as she did, hadn’t been as clumsy as she had been, I never would have interfered in the first place. It’s not as if I want to fully blame her for what happened, but it was her actions that led me to do as I did, so in a sense, she could be partly blamed for it.
I just realized I tried to shift the blame to someone else.
It’s not like I couldn’t just take the blame for myself, since I was the one who approached her, but something about that didn’t sit well with me. I couldn’t really make a sound conclusion for myself, so I asked her about it, but she said it wasn’t anybody’s fault. That it was the coincidence of luck that brought it all about.
Psh.
Maybe, but could the same be said with the events that followed? I should probably talk about those ones too, but let’s save those for a later time.
Maybe sooner than later.

I’m getting side-tracked. Or actually, what else should I say about her? Her background and her history, that despite having a Japanese name, she was born and raised in Germany before moving to Poland at the early age of four, then travelled to places like France, Italy, and Spain during her elementary years until she settled as a middle schooler in Japan. And there’s the fact that one of her parents were American too (while the other was some mix of one of the countries mentioned above. Any further details, I never found out). Wait, why was she even born with a Japanese name? She’s not even remotely Japanese, at least as far as I know, and based on that same knowledge, her parents aren’t too. Oh, and not only that, she also spoke that many languages. So that’s German, French, Italian, Japanese, and I guess English too. Regardless, I didn’t have such an intricate journey in my experience so it sounded pretty cool. She doesn’t think so, but I’ve taken the liberty to remind her otherwise ever since I first found out.
Damn Polyglot.
Though, I don’t mind being associated with her. In fact, it would’ve been a shame if I didn’t get to befriend a person like her. And so, in another sense, perhaps I should take the blame, because that would mean I was the one who caused us to become good friends.
It’s all in the perspective.
It’s all a matter of what I’m willing to look at, and what I’m willing to tolerate.
I don’t want to go around saying everything ended up fine, because I’ve caused numerous amounts of people I know nothing about to be miserable for the months that followed. I was also the unfortunate individual who had to burden most of the problems that came after. In that regard, I guess it can’t all have been good. But still...
What I’m trying to get at is.. Although it wasn’t all good for me and some others, I can’t say what happened wasn’t worth it. Afterall, within those three days-- because of those three days, I met Nezumi Watanabe, the half-German, half-Japanese, half-Polish, half-everything, (apparently; And that’s too many halves, now that I think about it) cheerful individual who without intending to, in one single encounter, changed my outlook on life for the days to come.
It was our fated meeting that opened the doors for an eventful future to occur, whether or not we were aware of this fact. I personally hadn’t noticed it at the time, but in the events that transpired during the 10th of May through the 13th, as if by magic, a mysterious magnet invaded my body, and as far as I know, it still hasn’t left.

..On second thought, perhaps all of this was the magnet’s fault.
ENTRY 2

“Where are they?”
“. . . . .”
It seems my self-important classmates have once again decided to ditch me. And they said there were going to help for sure this time.
I mean, if you’re going to go out of your way to say you wanted to help, at least pull through with it. Better yet, tell me if you can’t, or just don’t promise anything at all!
“..Because that is just plain rude.”
The orange sunlight beamed down on me as I cleaned up Class B2’s room-- my class’ room, alone. The workload was pretty dull, as I spent the majority of the time paying little attention to my actions, and exerted as minimal effort as needed.
Oh, I should probably get the needless information out as quickly as possible. I’m a second-year exchange student from America. I’m half-Japanese, and while I probably should have an American name, being born in American and all, my parents decided to give me a japanese one instead. Wicked, I know.
I thought I should give more exposition, but frankly, I’m already bored of it. At some point, I even started doing some things I really hope no one would see, or even know about, out of sheer boredom. That’s why it came to me as a shock that someone else was still here, in the room, with me.
I thought someone needed to die today, but when I called out to the student in my best level 2 voice, I got no response.
Phew. No need to pull up my murder weapon today.
The student was eerily still. Could almost mistaken it for a ghost because they were so silent. Heavy sleeper, I don’t know if I can consider that a good thing...
So who exactly is this?
Her face was down. Undyed, black hair reaching her shoulders, and the medium-length skirt gave the impression of a girl, hence ‘her’. I couldn’t get much closer without looking like a creep, so I bided my distance from her and continued.
The most I can say is that she is most definitely part of my class. I have seen a few glimpses of her before. We’ve never had a conversation before, much less talk. What I do know is that she hangs out with a lot of different groups. She was the rumored Silent Beauty because she rarely talks. I heard she’s never had to participate orally in class.. Even from before second-year. Teachers would purposefully never pick her despite the fact that she is fully capable of talking. I heard she’s hopped around from club to club, unable to find a place to settle. I’d assume that other people wouldn’t like that behavior, because it’s a weird behavior to have amongst sociable people. Frankly though, it seemed quite the opposite. Everyone seems to like her appearance so much they didn’t mind that she’s behaving as she did. Matter of fact, it felt like some groups were more ecstatic that she decided to give them the time of day over the looming fact that she would eventually ditch them. I don’t particularly know how I should be feeling about that rumor, but it seems likely enough to be the case.
In regards to her appearance, she was definitely good-looking, at least as far as I could remember. She had a characteristic that was mildly unusual for a seemingly popular student like her, and looking at her right now, she still does give that impression.
As for her actual name, sadly, I just can’t put my finger to it…
“Es...’S’ something..”
After giving it another minute, I decided to give up. I was never good with names, anyways.
That said, should I wake her up?
“It’s already after school...”
“. . . . .”
I decided against it. It’s her problem that she fell asleep, after all. If she was tired, then let her sleep. It would be for the best if she woke up naturally on her own.
That said, though, if she still doesn’t wake up by the time I leave, I’ll at least give her a nudge.
And so with this case pretty much closed and finished, I resumed wiping the board.
“. . . . .”
Now that I became aware of it, I could hear her breathing softly. I don’t know how to feel about this situation. I guess, it felt awkward.
“Mm..”
“. . . !”
I started working faster. It’s definitely a bad feeling. This is most certainly giving a kind of feeling I don’t want to be having. Not here, not now.
I carelessly wiped the board, and made haste to take the trash for a quick, momentary escape.
Thud.
THAT reaally hurts. My leg just wanted hit the wall at such an inopportune time. So much for quiet. I better hurry out of here.
“Crap, it’s almost time..!” the previously sleeping student now shouted. I was now just barely outside of the room, peeking from the door windows. I know I should’ve left, but my curiosity got the best of me. I finally managed to get a good look on her face, even from a distance.
Woah.
She reached for her bag and booked it out of the exit. The movements she made as she did all of this, I watched it all very carefully. Wait a second, she’s going this way--
“Ah!” she collided with me on her way out. Dammit. What a grave mistake.  What’s up with my reaction speed just now? I should’ve moved out of the way, but why didn’t I?
..why?
Why?!
…..
I think I’m starting to see now.
It was just that.. how do I put this.. I don’t know if it was my imagination getting into me, or maybe I’ve already subconsciously thought of this before but.. her appearance, I guess not just that. Bluntly put, I guess.. She’s pretty damn cute.
“Sorry, I didn’t notice..” the cute student scoffed apologetically, and in a needlessly excessive manner. I said nothing. Or rather, what was I supposed to say here, again? What was I meant to say when something like this happens--
“It-- IT’S ALRIGHT!” I yelled in a voice that was definitely above level two. Not only that, but I gave the dumbest looking ‘I’m Okay!’ pose I think I’ve ever had to show to someone (my leg still hurts too, so I’m not even sure how I mustered the strength to do that). She seems equally stupefied at my actions.
Oh boy...
Fortunately, she continued the conversation for me. That’s probably for the best.
“..if you say so. I don’t think we’ve spoken to each other before. You’re an exchange student, right? I believe your name was..?”
“IT WAS,” Umm. I’m still shouting..!!
“I GO BY GENERAL YUKI-- err, I mean.. actually.. My whole name is Kanagi Yukine, but my friends call me Yuki...” I couldn’t even lower my voice until halfway. Some mysterious force must’ve kept me from doing so, wanting very much to embarrass me like this in front of a girl. No forget it, I just had a brain fart. No use making excuses now. That was actually the greeting I gave my friends as a reference to a series we were all well acquainted with.
Well, they always got a laugh out of it.
That said, this shouldn’t be the kind of greeting to a stranger, much less a girl! My self-esteem is dropping with every word I say, and the more I said, the more botched our conversation is becoming. Worse of all, she was giving me another dumbfounded look, like she isn’t quite sure what I just said. She stared, then as if to break the awkwardness of the situation, began to smile.
She was laughing? It must’ve looked that dumb, huh. Making myself look dumb is alright, I suppose, if I was able to witness her laughing this hard.
Or hold on. Could it be she laughed because she understood the reference? I guess that isn’t outside the realm of possibility, but the book is such an underrated series that is seems highly improbable for that--
“Alright then, General Yuki.”
She actually understood?!
“As for me..”

It was during this rare exchange with Kaeru-sama, or rather…

“..In this era, I am known as Nezumi..”

..on this one, single encounter on an afternoon friday..

“Hailing from Fort Caulish, The one and only Nezumi Watanabe. Remember that!”

..when the stars would align, and my future would be set in stone.
ENTRY 3

Turns out, there was no ‘S’ in her name. Not a single one.
“.....”
I was dumbfounded. It was a mistake, but somehow it worked out. She had given me a response I simply was not expecting to come from her. The usually silent and mysterious student, talking like this. It was outside of my realm of imagination.
Really though, I just can’t seem to control myself when it matters. I was supposed to have left to do.. Something, already. But there I was, doing the last thing I anticipated to do today, or even any day, for that matter. I guess it wasn’t completely out of the picture for this to happen, considering my previous circumstances.
“You.. you know about 異世界でのユキ探偵の奇妙な苦悩?”
(I sekai de no Yuki tantei no kimyōna kunō)
“Should I not know about it? I’ll have you know it was one of my favorite TV shows.”
“What does that.. you mean you watched the live adaptation?!”
“Just kidding. I bought the audiobooks.”
“Ah, so you never got the actual books?”
“They were too expensive.. I mean, the publishers should at least consider selling them at a price people could afford..”
“But the paperbacks dropped to less than 300 yen?!”
“Oh, did it? I could’ve sworn they read two thousand each.”
“Each?! That’s overpricing! Someone was obviously trying to rip you off-- Matter of fact, you should probably sue that store!”
Was she kidding? I mean, two thousand yen for each book is too much, no matter how you look at it!
“I didn’t think you were interested in Mystery novels, General Yuki. Honestly, you gave the impression of a Romantic Comedy kind-of-guy.”
General Yuki’s a bit embarrassing.. But my current concern lies elsewhere..
“Wasn’t that too honest?! And was that really the impression I gave?!”
“Okay fine. I actually thought you were a Harem kind-of-guy.”
“That was somehow worse?! No, don’t say anymore, I don’t want to hear it!”
And did I really have that kind of impression? Perhaps I should consider getting a makeover...
“You’re offended, but that’s alright. It’s a natural reaction to be defensive about it.”
“Of course I’d be offended, you just insulted me!”
”And I don’t know if you realized, but you’re shouting an awful lot, you know? Is this how you treat your friends?”
“B-but I’m staying at level 2!”
“You call that Level 2? On top of that, should you be treating your own peers like this, a young maiden at that?”
“Young maidens don’t go around calling themselves young maidens!”
“Well there you go again. Denying the hard facts. Tsk tsk tsk. You know liars go to hell, right?”
Now she’s just openly insulting me! How did we come to this point?!
“Stop saying it’s a fact like it’s true!”
“But I am a young maiden, am I not?”
“O-on that note, who even goes around mentioning sayings like that so blatantly?! You sound like a mother!”
“My father told me that phrase once when I was nine, before he went out to buy lunch for us on his own. Weird, he hasn’t come back yet…”
That’s too sad..!
I should probably put the conversation back on track.. This is going to turn out even more depressing if I don’t...
“..actually, I should be saying that to you.”
“That your father left you? If so, that’s too sad, but how’s that related to what I’m saying?”
It should be me saying that to you!
“Don’t go making wild assumptions like that! My father still lives with me!”
“.....”
	Shoot.. Did that offend her?
“And, well, I meant from way before that.. that you were interested in Mystery Novels, even if it was as an audiobook. And an Isekai one at that.”
“It was the Isekai part hooked me in.”
“But the main selling point was the Mystery?!”
“Yes, Mystery in an Isekai setting. The Mystery got me too, of course, but the Mystery in Fantasy is what sold it for me. I wanted to know how someone would go about doing that. So far, the writing feels great. Haven’t read-- well, listened to anything quite like it.”
No argument in that logic. Though, I didn’t know she was interested in topics like this.
“Then don’t go saying the Isekai hooked you in like it was the best part about it..”
“And you make it sound like there’s a problem with listening to audiobooks.”
“Why didn’t you just buy the book? If it’s about the cost, then you can just rent them out. The public library has them, you know? Matter of fact, I can just lend you mine if you want... Actually, now that I think about it, don’t the audiobooks cost more than paperbacks?!”
“Well I like listening… oh, do they? Ah haha, would you look at the time.. I was supposed to have left already.”
“That was way too abrupt.. and what are you looking at?! You don’t have a watch!”
“Sorry. A slip of the tongue.”
“Stop copying someone else’s phrase! And it doesn’t even make sense when you use it that way!”
“Sorry, A slip of the thong.”
“No, Don’t give me that mental image!”
“A snip of the tongue.”
“Things got dark really fast?!”
“A snip of the head.”
“Whose?!”
It’s probably just my imagination, but are the things she’s saying related to her in any way..?!
“Hahaha. Really, though, I’m actually already running late since you didn’t bother to wake me up.”
“Oh.. my bad.”
“Yes, you’re bad. I’ll be going ahead now. Bring those books you must be so proud of owning next time we meet, alright?”
“Wha-- Who ever said I was proud?!”
“Heh.”
“And don’t leave me off like that! At least let me defend myself!”

ENTRY 4
And so our conversation came to a grinding halt. That conversation.. Surprisingly went well. I mean, all things considered, she did say we were going to meet next time. Judging by how it first started, I thought it was doomed to fail. Needless to say, despite me getting talked down on by Watanabe...
Even if I did feel a bit demoralized in the end. Is that a bad feeling, I wonder...
Oh yeah, wasn’t I going to do something? Hmm... I don’t even remember what it was.
Aah.. I think I’ll just call it a day.
Yeah, that’s the plan.
And so, grabbing my stuff, I left the school in a trance.
“.....”
The one and only Nezumi Watanabe.
Now that is an introduction I’m most definitely not forgetting, especially coming from her. Although she was a bit weird, I’d like to believe we became friends.. Right?
Perhaps acquaintances at best.
I guess today wasn’t so bad after all. I thought it was going to be another boring friday, but surprisingly, it was an eventful one. It was like I was talking to a friend. In fact, I got comfortable talking to her pretty quickly. I wonder what black magic she must’ve cast on me to get me to speak my mind so readily.
She did say she would come find me.. Though I have my own doubts about it. A girl like her probably won’t give me the time of day again. After all, she was the rumored Silent Beauty.. Wait, since when have I talked myself down like this?! I’m starting to sound like those same groups that I was looking down on before!
Crap.
Control yourself! Don’t be bought by her feminine wiles! She’s just out for your lunch money. Don’t go thinking otherwise!
That’s right, General Yuki. Sound advice. I mean, why did she even decide to talk to me? She could’ve just apologized and walked away. What was the point in conversing? I mean, what honest benefit came from our conversation. It’s not like she went up and asked me for the books, initially. That suggestion came after, and could only have come after. Maybe she actually felt sorry towards people like me, and she gives people like me the time of day out of pure sympathy.
“.....”
Yeah, let’s just call today a lucky encounter. I mean regardless of how I think of it, the conversation most certainly went beyond my imagination.
“.....”
..maybe in the future, we’ll meet again.
“.....”
Hopefully.
“.....”
Okay, this is odd. Why was I still providing commentary when the scene was pretty much over? Was something else going to happen?
Oh come on, let it end while I was still in a good mood--
It was then that I saw it, for the first time. Something I shouldn’t have witnessed on my way to my bike at some shady corner of school. Somewhere fairly secluded, but not unknown. Somewhere that during this hour likely wouldn’t get much attention. During this hour of the day, I noticed something peculiar, something that I would’ve missed had I been a second later. Something that required a lot of attention to notice…
It was unmistakably Watanabe. The one and only Nezumi Watanabe.
A stick on hand.
And a wall in front of her.
And in that same instance, she walked right into it and disappeared, like she was never there. Like the one and only Nezumi Watanabe.. Was never here.

ENTRY 5

Excuse me?
What just happened.. To her?
Wait, there’s something there.
..
Haa.. haa… A.. box? Why? What in the world did she just do? Did she turn into a box?!
My heart was beating like crazy. I thought this day couldn’t get anymore crazy, but it just keeps on piling up!
Haaahh…

Okay, okay. Calm down. I won’t get anywhere in this state of mind.
Relax.
Relaaaax.
“..…”
..I’m still a little tense, but I think it’s better than earlier.
Now what did she do? Scratch the box-thing.. It sounds too stupid to be true.. Though then again.. Well, maybe there was a secret door here?
..
Nothing. No secret doors. At least not one I can access. I even tried to kick it, but nothing happened.
Well, onto my final plan…
“Watanabe! Where did you go!!”
..And that’s a bust, too. I must’ve looked like a fool shouting at a wall like that but.. I had to know.. what the hell had I just witnessed?
It sounds stupid, but could…
..could it have been magic?
Magic.
Sorcery.
The Supernatural.
Fictional.
A Myth.
The Impossible.
Impossible!
IMPOSSIBLE!
How can any of this be considered real? Have I been overreacting all along? Have I?!
But that thing she was holding.. That stick… It must’ve been a wand, right?
A Wand.
An object for commanding the impossible.
The imposs--
 The possible.
A true story.
Nonfictional.
Truth.
The Uncanny.
Sorcery.
“..Magic.”
I see now..
So this was the kind of world I lived in… I see…
“......”

“..this is SOO AWESOME!!”
I don’t think I can ever outlive this! Not at all!
What I witnessed was definitely, most certainly, the acts of a magician. Not a fake one that pulls doves out of their rigged hats, but A REAL, TRUE Magician. In other words…
“MAGIC IS REAL!”
I was led to believe ever since I was little that magic isn’t real. That everything is backed by some sort of science. But this one event is causing a turmoil inside my very being. No, one could even say…
“It’s changed my whole perspective on life!”
“What has?”
“MAGIC!”
Wait, who’s...
No, I can already picture it just from that alone.
A carefree eyes, an irreproachable smile, and an annoyingly popular hairstyle. I haven’t bothered to turn around yet, but based on the voice I’m hearing right now, There’s no mistaking it. It’s not a face I’m particular about seeing, especially right now, but there’s absolutely no doubt about it. That’s right, it’s most definitely...
“Haha. What’s up? I heard you screaming from a mile away.”
“Kawahara.”
“That’s me. What is up?”
“..It sounds weird when you say it that way.”
“Well how about..「 ポッピンとは何ですか? 」?” (Poppin to wa nanidesu ka?)
“Hm.. Wait no, you just said it again!”
Kawahara Shinjou. A second-year student, same as me and Watanabe’s, but unlike us, he resides in a different classroom. My assumptions hold true, as he carries those relaxed eyes that’s able to tell you everything’s alright just from a glance, that trademark smile of his that every teacher (and student alike) loves, and the way he is able to hold himself in a confident way without looking arrogant. And not to mention his hair, which has practically become a trend in the school because of him. In that sense, It’s almost disgusting how perfectly he holds himself.
“Why are you still here? School hours ended a while ago.”
“It’s nice to see you’re curious, though I should be saying the same to you. I was having a short discussion with a teacher about something, and it dragged out a little longer than I had anticipated.”
“It’s been an hour since afterschool?!”
“Haha, has it? I suppose time really does fly when you’re not enjoying yourself.”
“I don’t think that’s how the saying goes?!”
Kawahara Shinjou. A very carefree and honest man. Sometimes, it surprises me just how blunt he can be.
“Well anyways, what are you doing here, Kanagi?”
“Ah, well..”
Should I be telling someone else about this? About what had happened?
“...”
“What’s the matter? 猫は舌を噛みましたか?” (Neko wa shita o kamimashita ka?)
“You didn’t have write it like that! It just makes it more confusing for the readers!”
I don’t think I can keep this life changing finding a secret.. No, that’s right. I should probably tell him. There’s no point hiding it, after all.

“...”
“Magic?”
I explained what had happened to him. Heh, so even the carefree Kawahara can give a confused face like this every once in a while.
“I think you came to a very hasty conclusion..”
*Beep.
“What else could it have been, then? Because I couldn’t come up with any logical explanation for what just happened!”
“And besides that, it’s pretty hard to believe what you’re saying without any proof.
“Hmm.. I hate to admit it, but you do have a point. Proof, huh.. How am I going to prove that…
Hm? Hold on. Didn’t I pick up something earlier--
*Beep-Beep!
“Ah. Sorry Kanagi. It appears my ride's here.”
“You get picked up?”
“I understand how you got to the conclusion, I do. Fortunately, it’s not a regular thing. They send a servant to my location if I haven’t arrived home around this hour.”
“You didn’t have to go the extra mile to say that.. And that sounds so strict! What kind of household do you live in?!”
“Haha. It’s not so bad once you get used to it.”
So does that mean he has a tracker on him.. Talk about overprotective parents. And Servants? Is he actually rich on top of everything I’ve just described about him? Just how much more is he gonna have?! It’s practically cheating at this point!
*Beep!
“I’m pretty curious about the circumstances you’ve described to me, so I’ll look into it on my own time, alright?”
“Alright. See you then.”
“Of course, that’s assuming you aren’t making this up.”
“Why would I be...”
I guess it makes sense to think that. Was I making this up? Could I just seeing things..? Maybe I’m actually just tired?
…
No, I definitely wasn’t seeing things, I’m sure of it. There’s no doubt about it. Not at all. A girl had just phased through this wall like it was nothing. There’s no way I would be making up something like that. And that girl.. was undoubtedly Watanabe. The one and only Watanabe Nezumi. Holding a wand as if it were the most natural thing in the world, and walking into a solid wall, and disappearing.
*Beep.
Alright. I thought that was Kawahara’s car, but the beeping noise is still here. Where is that coming from?
*Beep.
It’s so annoying..!
Ah. Now that I thought about, I did pick up something earlier. A small, black box.
“I wonder what it’s for...”
“...!”
Wha-- it’s glowing!
*Beep-beep.
And beeping noises.. So it was coming from this thing. Hm.. what’s happening now?
“...”
No really, what just happened? It’s nice that it stopped, but what was it doing?
*Beep!
Another beeping.. And a flash?!
“That-- That’s too bright!!”
“...!”
And so in that one instance, just like Watanabe, I had disappeared from school grounds.
ENTRY 6

If I were to describe what had just happened to me.. I’d describe it as feeling very surreal. Very out-of-this world.
For several seconds, all I saw was blinding lights. After the noises stopped, my eyes gradually became accustomed to the new surroundings.
New surroundings? Does that mean that I.. t-t-teleported?!
But why? Did I trigger it to do something, or was that thing set on automatic? But if that’s the case..
	“Did I just fall for a trap?!”
	“.....”
	..no response.
	After doing some walking around in this mysterious place, what I could tell so far was that:
	I was inside a wealthy person’s mansion.
	The person who owned it must be really rich.
	This mansion looks very eccentric. Especially this carpet.
	“Though, it is one expensive-looking carpet.”
	But the guy’s wealthy as heck.
	On top of that, it seems he likes seeing his face a little too much..
	There were paintings of the same arrogant-looking rich boy all over the place. Could I assume that he is the owner of this place?
	“..!”
	Movements... Fast. Heavy, and Loud movements.
	And judging by the sound, it’s heading this way!
	“Se-security?! How did they-- No, what the hell do I do?!”
	Fortunately, before I could decide on it, the black box once again lit up.
	“Beep!”
	And another flash of light consumed me.
	Another location.. I guess this box is used as a teleporting device? That alone sounds really cool. I never thought I’d ever get my hands on something like this. This is.. Waaay too interesting. I wonder where I’m going next? Is it going to take me back at school grounds, or will it be somewhere different?
It was somewhere different. It seems like I was now in a forest of some sort.
After the light disappeared, I felt a weird sensation hit me. It felt like.. My gut was sinking inside me. It was only for a second, but I thought it was worth noting.
Now as for my current location, I couldn’t recognize any of the plants and trees around based on my very limited knowledge about the topic, but certainly..
	“It looks very foreign. Where am I?”
	Walking around, there definitely seems to be an unfamiliar feeling about this place. More so than the fact that I’ve never been here, the trees.. Just seems to be unnatural tall. Like, more than the size of a three-- make it a four-story apartment, all around me. I could hear birds chirping louding from above. Their tone sounded very low for a bird, though. Additionally--
	“...!”
	--The large bushes.. Are moving around like crazy. Actually, that’s a bit too unnatural. Though pretty much everything about this place is, there’s no way it could be blamed as the wind’s fault. In fact, right now there was no wind to speak of. None that I could feel.
So what was it? Hmm.. the only other thing that it could be..
	“Grrrrh..”
	..wolves. Actually, I was going to use the word ‘animal’, but it’s menacing intro cut me off.
Okay, I don’t think I should be worrying about that. Right now, I’m in a really bad situation.
The wolves are circling around me slowly, making sure I had no way to escape before, most likely, pouncing on me.
I was their prey--
Not was.. I AM their prey right now.
And let me just add this: these wolves’ were not puppy-sizes. They were about as tall as a person, and that’s a very concerning height to have for a wolf. Not only that, these wolves were all black. Talk about terrifying. They weren’t joking around!
	“He-hey.. Now’s a good time for you to be working again!”
	“...”
	They’re getting closer--
	“Ple-please! I’m begging you, get me out of here!”
	They’re too close--
	“Help!!”
	“--Beep!”
	And once again, I disappeared.
	“...”
	That was too close.. I actually thought I was about to die. Don’t play with a man’s feelings like that. I wasn’t ready to go down yet!
On a different note, though, I feel I’m starting to get used to the feeling of this magical item. The feeling of teleporting… It definitely wasn’t a pleasant one, I could say that much. But it was definitely cool. I mean, I’ve never had to shout at an object to get me out of somewhere before.. Expect for.. an elevator, because I got locked in for a while. I’m.. not going to talk about it. Just forget I ever mentioned it.
	But man, I’ve been to two dangerous locations in a row. Can this next one not be as dangerous? At least a location where I wouldn’t be in immediate danger.
	My eyes were starting to adjust.
	“..I guess I’ve arrived.”
	The white light slowly left, and during which I felt my feet grounding somewhere.. bumpy.
	Looking around, there was nothing I could describe very easily using visuals. The reasoning for that is..
	“It’s way too dark in here.”
	I closed my eyes, and began focusing on my breathing. My heart was still racing because of those wolves.
	“Cursed predators..”
	That was when I noticed..
	“..!”
	something breathing..
	“wha.. What the..”
	And then, three(!!) pairs of large, golden eyes, staring me down.
	“Ahaha..”
	“.....”
	I think.. Though I really hope it isn’t-- A spider. A large one at that.
“..!”
I said a place with no immediate danger! I encountered something way faster than the last two!
	“AAAaaAAAHH!!”
	Scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary scary
	SCARY!
	Why am I encountering a spider now, of all things?! AND WHY WAS IT SO HUGE?!
	“What do you think you’re doing here, human?”
	It just talked to me! IT CAN TALK!
	Shit-- I’m done teleporting around for today..
“Take Me Home, Please!!”
	“Beep!”
	“..!”
	And as if the box heard my thoughts, another flash of white overcame me.
	And these strange mishaps would continue on and on. An entire evening of screaming and sightings of outworldly things.
ENTRY 6 ½
The most vivid memory I could remember from back then.. Was the feeling of my mother’s hands gently caressing me. The way she gripped me with all her might, as if to protect me, and very much did I felt protected. Her soft, kind voice telling me everything was going to be okay, and I very much thought so. And the way she struggled, as she decided the position I would be most comfortable sleeping into, before slowly, carefully releasing me from her warmth. So slowly, the feeling disappeared, and faded. That enviable warmth, gone.. Just like her.
	I woke up one day, suddenly living with strangers. People who looked nothing like me.. Some who had horns.. Some who had tails.. It frightened me seeing them.
I don’t like this. I don’t wanna be here anymore. I want my mommy.
But they never brought me to her. I remember becoming very upset, and they did everything they could to calm me down. They gave me toys, and brought me gifts, but I declined. I didn’t want to receive toys and gifts from the monsters who kept me from my own mother. They asked if I wanted to play with them, but knowing they must have ill intentions, I said no.
My will was impregnable, and so, like a parent fed up with their useless children, I was punished. No longer did they pay me any attention. Not so much a sentence, and neither a word nor a peep to me. They no longer ate their meals at the same table as me. I became a shadow in that scary place, and they had treated me as such. And so, appropriately, they christened me with the name,
“Schwarz.”
The one that you cannot see.
The one you are not allowed to see.
Perfect. I didn’t want to be associated with them in the first place.
But still, they would not let me do as I please. They refused to let me go.
Why?! I just want to see my mother! Let go! I don’t want to stay in this filthy pigsty anymore!
And, just as a parent fed up with their useless children, I was punished, more thoroughly than I ever had. They were through with my childish antics, as they called it, and from then on, and they met my every complaint with a whip. I would be hit tirelessly, and relentlessly until I could barely move from the pain. And when the next day came, they would do it all over again.
I thought back then.. That this cruel method was meant to teach me to become an obedient monster like the rest of them. I couldn’t swallow the thought, much less digest it, and so I bit my lip and sucked it up, silently hoping for their bad luck.
During the midst of all this, there was one persistent monster that always came up to me. Every night, after the punishments were done, and the hounds were at rest, she would visit and give me the leftovers she was able to scramble together.
Even though they were told to stay away.
Even though they were told to ignore the black shadow, the “Schwarz”, still she continued.
I refused her help, as expected, but this did not help to discourage her. She always came and place the scraps at a spot I would be able to reach. I couldn’t understand her motivations. Was it pity? Did I look so miserable that I’d receive the pity of a monster?
One night, I received a blow too many, and could not stop the tears from falling down. She arrived, and stood there watching me, listening to me as I vented. Then, she approached me as I continued to lay completely still, unable to move coherently. They offered to help me, and while I would’ve refused their help, that day I simply couldn’t be bothered to.
So carefully, my wounds were wrapped up, and I was spoonfed. And finally, despite my refusal, she inched closer, and as if taking advantage of my inability to move, wrapped herself around me. I nudged, and kicked, and screamed, but she would not let up. She told me everything was going to be alright, but I couldn’t believe it, and I denied, over and over again, but still that didn’t stop her.
Then finally, as if she saw it all coming, I wept again. Her soft warmth.. they  reminded me too much of my mother.
Mom... why.. why did you leave me?
“.....”
For the first time since I had stayed in the orphanage, I was able to sleep peacefully.

The following morning, I mustered up the courage to ask her name. The name I would come to respect. That I would bring myself to respect.
It was short, and simple, and easy to remember. She said to me, in plain words, her birth name is Tsu.
ENTRY 7
	Friday. 9 o’ clock.
	Four hours after my first teleportation.
	I had lost count of how many times I’ve had to teleport, and had my life endangered. I lost count of how many new monsters I ended up meeting. How many new dangers I’ve ended up in, and frankly almost every single one of the locations I’ve been to ended with me almost killed by something.
Almost stabbed by a gang of thieves.
Almost gutted by a fetishist murderer.
	Almost eaten by large wolves.
	Almost murdered by a fanatical demon.
	Almost…

	“Phew…”
	I’m exhausted.. More so mentally than physically. I can’t say I’ll ever be ready to go through that again, even if I was paid to do it.
	And so, after that four-hour happy fun ride down into disaster lane, the last location.. The final place the box sent me to.. Was a four-story apartment complex. In other words, home.
	I wonder how my sister would react, seeing me come home so late..
	Not only that, I don’t even have my stuff. The only thing I still had was my phone and my waterproof watch, and I guess I should include the box, too. I dropped the rest of it somewhere during one of my trips. Actually, I knew exactly where I had lost it.
	“I lost it at the ocean.”
	Yep. No additional context. I just.. Lost all of it in the ocean. From a carnivorous whale. A very large one, might I add. And with that said, my phone was now dysfunctional. Broken. Irreparable.
	I would’ve wanted to go back and get my other stuff, but..
	“That’s too dangerous of a wish, considering what I just went through…”
	They were probably swallowed by that monstrous being. Not only that, but it was underwater, soo..
“It probably got soaked good. I guess even if I did ask for it, there would be no way for me to retrieve my bag still in one piece.”
I could probably make something up about losing my bag, and for being late at home, but as for this box…
“Should I even take it home?”
In fact, it’s ability to teleport someone at a random location was too dangerous for a powerless individual like me.
	This box seems so dangerous in fact, that I’m scared of taking it home. I’d have nowhere to hide it because my sister takes good care to make sure I have nowhere to hide anything. It’s been a thorn in my side for the longest time now. It’s because she always ends up finding (and throwing away) my hidden stash of.. Yeah.
	And I guess I didn’t mention it yet, but I live with my sister. She decided to accompany me when I made the decision to become an exchange student. Now, we live in a fairly nice apartment that was big enough for a family of two kids, so it was quite spacious.
So back to my main point: If she manages to find it, I can’t even imagine what would end up happening to her. This isn’t something I could let her discover, at all.
Nope, it’s not happening.
	So I decided I would have to return this box as soon as possible.. And hopefully, get an explanation from Watanabe as to why she would have something like this. How the one and only Watanabe Nezumi, whose popularity was well known amongst the students of our high school.. How a girl like her ended up having a black box.
And, on that note, how she could even lose something in such a clumsy way. I guess I imagined her to be too flawless, but even she has her faults.
Additionally, seeing as I’m not going to be taking it home tonight, I decided to hide it at the one location I know it’ll be safe, not too far from home, but not that close, either.	Perfect for hiding even a body, if need be.
And so, being careful as to not make too loud a sound, I unchained my granny bike out and left. There’s no way I can come in right now because there’s absolutely no way I was ever gonna get me out again. That’s just how strict my sister can be about curfews.
I have to do this now.
It has to be right now.

	The ride took around.. Fifteen minutes?
	I was a bit precarious biking around at night. I heard from someone that there were people going missing at night lately, but I guess compared to almost getting swallowed by a shark, that threat is next to nothing. Still, it would be bad to run into any, so I made sure to pedal quickly. If it meant anything, I could use this box as a last resort.
	So after arriving at the location, I made quick work of hiding the box. The area was next to a place that’s quite popular during the day. In case you were wondering, it’s actually a playground. This spot I found though, is pretty much hidden in plain sight. The chance of anyone finding this place is very low, so keeping the box here would be my safest bet. I came about it by chance on my last trip to Japan with my parents several years back. I’m glad to see it’s still usable.
	“That’s that, then.”
	I make my way back to the playground and sit by the swing.
	“Haaa…”
	Today was too surreal. It makes me wonder if any of that really just happened. It’s all happening so fast.. Just earlier this morning, I wouldn’t have believed that such a thing was possible.
I guess the best question to ask is.. What’s next?
	It’s too sudden for me to want to return that item. It’s not like I want to steal it, but.. It just feels like a once in a lifetime opportunity to find encounter such an object.
	“Haa..”
	If only it was easier to use.. Having experienced its abilities for three hours straight, I still don’t understand how it works. It seems like it’s just firing off at random points in time.
And the locations. I don’t even know any of the places I ended up going to. Not a single one that I recognized.
It’s probably because that was--a different world.
That’s the only possible explanation I could give. I mean, spiders the size of a house? I refuse to believe there’s anything quite like it that exists in this planet.
Aaah.
Actually, every animal I saw was several times larger than the size I imagined it to be.
I should try to control the shock I’m feeling. It won’t make for an entertaining show if I’m constantly unsure of what to do.
Other than the fact I almost died in every encounter, it made for a very fascinating sight.
“Ha..”
I’m absolutely spent. Maybe I should make my way home, now?
…
I.. I’ve noticed it for a while now, but..
My breathing is getting shallower and shallower…
What the hell?
Has all that teleporting around taken its toll on me?
No.. it can’t be...
I can’t breathe! I can’t--
“I’m glad you finally noticed.”
“...!!”
“You know.. It’s easier to talk to someone when there’s a knife pointed behind their backs.”
Says who?!
“Or was it when their life is on the line? I honestly just can’t remember.”
“...who..”
Who the hell is doing this to me?
I’ve fallen down on the sand. Did I get poisoned just now? I’m barely able to move my head to see who it was that supposedly did this to me.
A man.
And judging by his outfit, he’s definitely an eccentric-looking person. I can’t go into too much detail, but just think of a clown wearing a business suit that’s as colorful as his makeup. Imagine that, then add rips all over. That’s basically what he’s wearing.
Goddammit. Didn’t I say I was already spent for today?!
“Don’t worry, human. I shall refrain from injuring you too much unless I absolutely have to.”
“What.. do you want fr-from.. Me?”
“Cutting right to the chase, eh? I like that trait, human. I bet it’s the kind of personality that just gets all the ladies, eh?”
	He made his way towards me very slowly. He took his time with every step, and during the midst of which, he continued,
	“I’d have preferred not to resort to such an underhanded tactic, but desperate times call for desperate measures, as you humans put it.”
	At this point, I no longer had the strength to even look at him. I was feeling very weak all around. Like the life was sucked right out of me.
	So I guess, he did me a favor and lifted my head up for me. Or rather, he lifted my whole body using his left hand.
Just ONE hand.
One hand was all it took for him to hold my entire body weight.
	So.. goddamn strong…
	“Porta Ianuae Magicae.. Where is it?”
	“The-the... what?”
	What is this clown-looking guy even talking about--
	“Aagh!”
	A punch to the gut!
	“You’re silently making fun of me, I know it! Porta Ianuae Magicae.. The PIM device! Don’t go acting as if you don’t know what it is!”
	Porta-- what?! And what the hell is a PIM device?!
	“I really don’t know-- AAgkh!”
	Another hit! And it was much harder this time!
	“I can sense it nice and clear on you! There’s no hiding it, I know you have it!”
	“ I don’t.. I don’t even know what it is-- AAaGh!!”
	“This will turn from a nice and friendly conversation into a damned torture session if you continue to play dumb!”
	I felt him throw me into the sand after that last punch. I’m not even sure what’s happening anymore.
My stomach... is it still there..? I.. can’t.. feel it.
And PIM device..? What on earth is that--
--Oh.
“...”
“You’re knocked out, already? Oi, Wake up--”
Bang.
I opened my eyes to see.. What it was this time…
“That’s quite enough!”
No-- no way.
“Hm?!”
“Get away from the human!”
A landing.
The brutally strong guy stopped beating me up, and skidded away.
Now, someone different stood by me.
A girl.
	In clothing I couldn’t recognize, but a person I definitely knew.
	Watanabe Nezumi. The one and only Watanabe Nezumi.
“Ha.. ha..”
Now I’m curious.
	Was the black box really that important?
ENTRY 8
	“You look pathetic, Kanagi. I thought I should let you know that.”
